clone
-------
In Java, cloning refers to creating an exact copy of an object. This is typically done using 
the clone() method, which is part of the Object class. When you clone an object, you create a
 new instance of that object with the same data as the original. or by using copy constructor
we can clone the object.

6.protected native java.lang.Object clone() throws CloneNotSupportedException;
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
this method is a native method- mean implemented in other programming language
this method is a protected method , so it is recomanded to overridde the clone() and
make it public.



1. either during override clone method or during call of clone method programmer need to do downcast
2. clone method throws one checked exception(CloneNotSupportedException) , that why programmer need 
   to handle it
3. the class need to implement one marker interface Clonable which indicates the object of this class 
   going to clone otherwise we are going to get CloneNotSupportException while call the clone method.  
   Clonable interface proviedes infromation to jvm that the object might be clone in near 
   future and the clone() method may be overridden.



internal flow of cloning
------------------------------
a.first jvm going to check the class is implementing Clonable interface or not. if not
  implementing then CloneNotSupportException ,if implementing then the process of
  cloneing going to start
b.jvm is going to allocate some memory for all non static variable of parent class and current class
 as a pat of obect creation and made then blank variable(initize with default value)
c.then copy the value from original object and assign to the newly cloned object
d.return the reference address for newly created object and assign to reference variable
5.execute the business logic by using duplicate cloned object



note- cloning mean creating duplicate object in heap memory , cloning does not
      share the same object among all the references. mean all coloned object
      have saperate merory in heap.




there are two types of cloning 1. shallow cloning or shallow copy , 2.deep cloning
                               or deep copy


shallow cloning
-----------------------
when there is an existence of has a relation , then during clone of container object , same 
component object is share by both original and duplicate object . in this case the modification
on component object through any container object is going to effect both original and duplicate
object , this type of cloning called shallow cloning, if we used object class clone method
then shallow cloning is by-default available, and this type of cloning no proper cloning



2.Deep cloning
---------------
if the container object have a component object then during clone of container object one
dulicate copy of component object will create and will assign to cloned container object , so that
any modifination of one component object will not effect other container object , that called
deep cloning. by override clone method properly we can do the deep cloning.

Note- when there is only primitive type of data then go for shallow cloning ,
      when there is any non primitive type of data then go for deep cloning






